feat(blog): add a Resoto Notebook blog post (#163)
someengineering/resoto.com: blog/2022/05-14-resotonotebook/index.md

Let me take you for a tour:

## A tour of resotonotebook

The examples below are taken from [example notebook](https://github.com/someengineering/resotonotebook/blob/main/examples/example.ipynb). I recommend to copy it and modify it for your own needs.

### Heatmaps

Resotonotebook comes with a library called [plotly](https://plotly.com/python/), which is capable of visualizing data in a variety of ways.

A useful example is a heatmap. It makes it easy to spot outliers, for example when someone played around with an expensive cluster and forgot to shut it down. Then you can easily clean it up using resoto.

Here we will use the [heatmap](https://plotly.com/python/2D-Histogram/) to visualize now the number instances per core count per accunt looke like:

![Heatmap](./img/plotly_heatmap.png)

On the Y axis you see the number of cores per instance, and the X axis contains the account ids. The color of the heatmap cell indicates now many instances with a certain number of cores an account has. The brighter the color, the more instances.

### Graphs

> Sometimes you're interested in the relationships between resources. Let's say you want to remove the database, but you're not sure which other resources this will impact. With resotonotebook, you can put the resource and its relations under the microscope and have a clear picture of what's going on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are instances where you may be interested in the relationships between resources. Let's say you want to remove a database, but you are not sure of the impact of the removal on other resources. With [Resoto Notebook](/docs/reference/notebook), you can inspect a resource and its relations to see what's going on.
```

Let's make a graph of a cloud called `do` (DigitalOcean) and all its successor resources 2 levels deep:

![Heatmap](./img/render_cloud_do.png)

### Aggregations

With resotonotebook, you can rely on the power of Pandas, a popular python package for data analysis. Pandas allows you to use dataframe, a table-like object that allows you to easily query, filter and aggregate the data. To make an example, let's aggregate the number of cores of running instances per account per region:

![Aggregation](./img/aggregation-2.png)

With this information, we can quickly identify the most expensive accounts to take cost reduction measures.

> I hope at this point resotonotebook has whetted your appetite. Let's install it and start playing with it!
> 
> ## Installation
> 
> Installation is simple. We need to install the jupyter notebook and the resotonotebook packages. Just run the following command in your terminal:
> 
> ```bash
> pip install notebook resotonotebook
> ```
> 
> And you're good to go! Just one note: you need access to a running instance of resotocore. If you don't have it yet, see the [resoto documentation](https://resoto.com/docs/getting-started) for the installation instructions.
> 
> ## Next steps
> 
> Now that you have resotonotebook installed, what's next? One option is to clone the [example](https://github.com/someengineering/resotonotebook/blob/main/examples/example.ipynb) notebook and modify it for your needs:
> 
> ```bash
> git checkout git@github.com:someengineering/resotonotebook.git
> cd resotonotebook/examples
> jupyter notebook
> ```
> 
> Happy exploring!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Next Steps

I hope this blog post has piqued your interest, and that you will try [installing Resoto Notebook](/docs/reference/notebook#installation). Happy exploring!
```
